The Joe Rogan experience. Um,
but then there are the people who are selling the antidote to their fears. I,
in, in the book, I call these people the dread merchants, right?
The people who are going to sell you the bunker, you know.
Jim baker and his gym based food and his survival water. How,
how amazing of those buckets of food that you could use as the base of a table.
I love those.
Any, and he talks about using them as porta Johns, and, uh, yeah,
but he sells the Bible buckets as well.
Have you ever sold buckets with the Bible books? Just a bucket full of Bibles,
just in case you need more than one Bible. I know. Yeah.
Well maybe you got a big family. Maybe you want to go old.
Testament of gets really.
Weird.
Have you ever seen the Vic Berger remixes of the gym? Oh man.
They are so much fun.
I got really addicted to those when I was working on this project,
that was kind of my, it became a must like a, um, a mantra, you know,
just having these running in the background. It's so.
Strange that he was the guy that was attached to the Jessica Hahn
controversy back in the 1980s. I mean, I remember that. Yeah.
Do you remember the Jim baker?
Like he had had an affair with this woman and it became for whatever reason,
this big news, like the same guy he's around today. And then.
We, we still expected people to be guided by their moral compass, you know?
Never everyone's a hypocrite now. Right. Do you remember then.
There was Jimmy swagger got caught with a and he was crying a Herve soon.
Do you remember that? Do you remember that? That was good. Yeah.
No one confesses anything anymore? No one had mixed work. Any Bible bucket? Yes.
I love that one.
A bucket of Bibles. Why not? That's only 50 bucks. That's a pretty good deal.
How many buyers? How many Bibles you get? 24.
Why should we get a bucket of Bibles?
I feel like we should have one at the gateway. I feel like we should have one.
I don't want to feed the beast, but you should. You should get,
if he gets 50 bucks from me, what.
The we did? We did it. We did at least a table, table worth.
Right. A tables where the Bibles six.
Buckets. Can you get how many buckets makes a table?
But that w shouldn't we get the food or she just get the Bibles? Well,
one bucket of Bibles and five buckets of food, but it's,
I.
Love watching him feed the audience, you know, with the jet,
from the giant trough.
Get real good freeze, dried food that will last forever.
You know how we get this? Yeah. So what the?
Creamy potato soup. Oh my God. Look at that slop. Yeah. Yeah.
And they do a big thing of rice and then they just,
and they mix it all together. You know,
bucket of slopped is poured on top of it. Google.
Peak refuel.com. This is my friend.
Chad Mendez has a really delicious, um,
company that they make actual, I think, is it freeze? Dried?
I think his stuff is freeze dried or dehydrated.
I'm not sure if aliens are real, I'm not a hundred percent of events,
but I'm probably like 90% convinced. But if they are real,
I leave in the room for. It's like, Jamie, get a picture of your shirt,
the shirt you're wearing. Why we're talking about that? It's a UFO says,
can they see it? Believe that that's a dope shirt.
That's a saucer. If I've ever seen one. I think if they're, if they're here,
they're not going to let us.
That's what I think. Well, that's what I think they're going to swoop in and go,
Hey, Hey, Hey, well, let's.
I'm 25. Right? I can't speak on anything,
but just looking from past experience and
you know, there's like drawings, like even in the Mona Lisa,
there's a weird thing or whatever in the background and,
but there's a spike. It's a spike in like,
because it's getting pretty weird here.
The spike,
they think it's hard to tell because sometimes when people talk about UFO's
bunch of other people hallucinate or lie, like there's a lot of that. Right?
So every time there's a real legit UFO, you get a bunch of nut, just nutcases,
who just want to tell crazy about being taken.
Ships. I mean, yeah. What'd you say what it looks like I was in,
I was probably 16.
I was at an upstate New York and, uh,
it would just stay there. So I, whoa, let me precursor this.
My aunt and uncle were very strict and we had to go to bed at a very
strict deadline, probably 10:00 PM.
And I was looking out the window with my cousin and it's just a
light that just stays there and then just goes off.
I mean, you just, you can't explain it.
Well, if you're 17, you're 17 at the time 16, 16.
How, uh, probably.
How strong is this memory when you're like looking at it when you're trying to
remember medium. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean,
there's something there for sure.
Something took off and did something that didn't make sense to you. For sure.
Um, and then Utah, I mean, their happens all the time. I mean, even here in LA,
I can't tell you how many times. Cause I used to live in Tarzana. So,
uh, there was like a balcony here and it looked kind of like,
it sounds corny, but like a classic like field,
whenever you think of a force field and it just kinda goes like this and it's
kind of like a dome in a circular shape.
And it just goes like this and goes back in whoa,
in Tarzana, looking down at the city. And I'm like,
how did no one else see this.
All across the country?
There are situations where cops have to pull their guns and have to use them.
There are, but they're as frequent as every day.
Probably somewhere everyday, but not every day in every officer's.
Life. Right. But if it's you, if it's usually you're that officer,
you gotta be ready. Like this idea that that's not important,
it's it should be of critical.
Not that it's not important,
but that there are so many other things that need to also be in place because
if these other skills are in place, right, if you are a master,
you know, they like to call verbal judo. If you can,
if you can talk someone down, if you are a master at deescalation,
you are never going to need these other tools. Maybe not never,
but you are very rarely going to need any, you know,
the less than lethal force or the least lethal force because you are managing
situations. If you suck at these, you need these a lot.
I see what you're saying. Right? So, so for me, because I, you know,
deal with communication and deal with, you know,
deescalation and how to talk someone down,
how to talk to an individual with a mental illness,
how to talk to somebody who's a victim,
or has been traumatized how to talk to somebody who's maybe on drugs and not
able to, you know,
how do we manage those situations with verbal,
with interactions,
with communication so that we don't have to go up the chain of command of,
you know, uh, of, of levels of force.
But that seems to me to be an incredible amount of training that must be
necessary. And it also has to be constant and consistent.
Absolutely. And that's why, when,
when you and Jocko were talking about the training and how much more I'm like,
yeah.
Mean how much training did they have to do in terms of hand-to-hand combat?
I don't know. I'm not sure how much. And again,
I'm sure it depends on what academy they go through.
Some academies are four months, some are six, some less longer, you know? And,
and the makeup depends on who's running that academy as to like the breakdown
of, you know, how much is in the classroom. How much is physical,
how much is tactical? So, uh, I'm not sure what the numbers would be on that.
Andrew Yang, uh, presidential candidate, uh,
he had former presidential candidate. He had an awesome idea. He said,
every person who is in the police force should be a purple belt in jujitsu or
higher. And I think that is a really good idea because at that level,
you have a real understanding of how to defend yourself and how to control
bodies. I saw a video, I've seen it quite a few of them,
but one of the more pathetic videos I've ever seen was two people trying to hold
one guy down, completely ineptly. The guy gets up, runs,
gets into his car and shoots both of them and then takes off. And I'm like,
Jesus Christ went into his car, got a gun. Like they,
they had no control over this guy, two people. And I'm like,
that should never take place.
And this guy wasn't some freak of nature either.
It wasn't like they were trying to hold down Herschel Walker or some super
athlete. No, it was just a regular guy. Just, they sucked. And it was,
it's terrible to watch. Yeah.
Um, so I wake up at 5, 5 30 first noise
and then laughter. I'm like, are these doing fart jokes at five in the morning?
And that's the thing that people realize is when you don't have TV,
internet,
and you're just with your family and your homeys all day bored as.
So they joke morning till night. Like, I don't know what they're saying.
Laughter laughter someone cuts a fart joke and I'm like, all right,
let's go. So you saw the pictures, they're ripped back muscles, six packs.
The kids have six packs. I was very out of shape. I'm still out of shape,
but that was the most out of shape.
And think about waking up at five 30 in the morning and the thing
that's the final animal that's like kind of left is baboons. They call it,
they almost call them in, in that part of Africa. Like the baboon men,
because that's what they eat. Tastes horrible to me. Baboons look human.
So we're in a cave, men sleeping on the top bed, women on the bottom,
we wake up, there's another cave. And you see, oh there's people in that cave.
No they're baboons. And they're pointing at us. They're pointing. They're like,
look, they're coming. So I'm like, this is crazy. We're hunting baboons.
They're like, there's tons of meat on them.
We're going to it's enough to feed her family.
Think about like running again.
I was pretty run fast in high school. I could do the 50 pretty quick.
I can't run at top speed for hours. And I, and I got these
I'm drinking water. And in this environment,
it's an advantage to have black skin. Cause it's cool.
These guys aren't sweating. I'm like, what's going on?
We've been running for five hours.
You guys aren't sweating the and they don't get tired.
And then they'll just start digging a hole and drink like re like a handful of
brown water and that's enough for them. And I'm like, dude, what the?
Like I, and they're telling the translator,
this looks like he's never caught anything in his life. And he's like,
he hasn't, to me, I'm an alien. Right? They go, he,
he gets his food from supermarkets. What's that?
They hunt the food for him. They cut it up and package it and sell it.
Like they don't believe it. Right. But, I tell them, they're like, Hey,
you guys, you look like a supermodel.
Can I bring you to America and do it fashion thing and get you guys paid.
And why would you, we want to go to America.
What w tell me what you know about America.
Isn't that the place where people jump off buildings to kill themselves.
Like that concept is so foreign that when someone explained suicide to them
almost like, oh my God, they don't. And in, in the time that I'm there,
like I said, that first week is withdrawal. I'm like, where's my phone.
And then all of it goes away, right?
I'm not thinking about any of my addictions. I'm not thinking about like,
I feel peace. I'm not, I'm not miserable.
My depression goes away and I go morning till night,
you wake up, you hunt for food, you get home celebration.
Everyone's happy. The men brought the food back. The women, you know,
gathered the berries. We have a big dinner celebration. Cause every meal,
you gotta be grateful for dance party by the fire.
And you're out couple of fart jokes and you're out. Repeat the next day.
There's no time to be like bored and sad and upset
and worried about some. Okay.